hey guys and welcome to demon fun house
what's up everybody I put a sail this is
and this is hey you say your line hey
snap out of it
what what you're supposed to say your
line you are you do you in a school
no wait who are you I fly out sailing
and you are oh my goodness I feel like I
was like like mesmerized were hypnotized
looks like where did I just are we in
the gaming room we're doing a gaming
video did you forget to wake up I guess
oh how convenient there's coffee here
alright dealers what game are we gonna
be playing today under my spell and
maybe if we can do these quick we can do
pop car and wait for it ok let's go
let's go hit me with it
wait hit me wait hit me with it I
remember this ok let's get started
scary teacher 3d under my spell let's go
I can't wait to start controlling those
hey dude she looks like Wonder Woman No
you won't remember a thing that happened
to me oh I know what happened what
happened
now the real
Oh Francis oh my gosh dude she's mind
controlling to Francis that's not
[Music]
leaving this lady she is insane oh he's
under her control
eisah listen we need to find a way to
hypnotize misty hey Frankie all right
hear me a mirror mirror no no that thing
that they the Wonder Woman's symbol that
she had on her head we need to find that
I would start looking at either in
Misty's bedroom or that one room where
she studies us Oh see look he's got some
on his back see the thing with his back
oh I still think we need the thing that
goes our heads we've got one no this is
the thing that goes on the person you
want to hypnotize we still have to mind
control something's not right
why is Francis asleep Oh thing off his
back Oh miss tiara wanted was people to
be under her control let's turn the
tables yeah we see that the inner hand
show you with you so this is why you see
what she puts up yes misty you are a
babe you just keep thinking that you're
in control okay what if we go get the
thing off Francis's back and try and
throw it onto Misty's back what's in her
hand what are you doing I mean she's
where the thing right now and then when
she goes into her room she's missing so
I still believe that that thing on her
head will control but let's try it let's
try yanking this off his back now let's
try to throw it on misty hey ain't no he
throw the cake at her face what if we
throw that at her face let's just try
let's try alright so let's try yanking
it off of this back maybe she'll go to
sleep or something we can just throw it
on her uh her head's gone we can't let
her catch Frances sleeping on the couch
pushes France put it right there yes
there should use key hammer a lockpick
to open okay don't tempt us forget
that's it mate misty out like a cat yeah
put that on put that on grab it
no you're gonna call it we have to wear
that that's the mind control device all
right go back can we get anything else
out of that chest so now we just
wait for misty to get out of the shower
see if it works on you see I have it
right here I'll put it on your back oh
you are a cat you are a chicken
you are a firm house dad hey misty misty
let's go come on
miss chop-chop lady what's your name
miss miss teacher miss the neighbours
sister let's go hit the hit hit the
[Music]
hater what are you talking about okay
let's pick it up at all right where's
the cat
be quiet
you hear it yep that way I can hear it
fluffy
I hear you kitty we're coming we're
coming for you chase I'm stuck deadly in
the basement
she's crazy
kitty-kitty close the door just in case
he runs away oh come on
there's the guinea I knew I should grab
that red clue
there's our kitty kitty k-k-kitty
alright alright what do you want
put that on fluffy oh now you're Wonder
cat I am WonderCon okay we need you to
turn misty into a kitty okay
okay be good your toys a crowbar
come on kitty come on reward come on
kitty
[Music]
she's a cat this lady's lost her marbles
oh I got nothing to say to you you
should buzzer Mercy submerge all right
let's go let's give another meaning to
the word pop-tart
okay what about poop tart what about
fart turd what about pop fort
what about cancer tart hmm I have an
idea
remember he was the one who actually
made this tart no look at that selfie
dude that's awesome
all right let's roll romantic dates plan
date this is say who who fixes pop-tarts
as a date I'm gonna put cat poop in her
food because she hey wanna come over
later need a pop-tart
hey I'll adopt you kitty where are you
that poor cat whoa whoa whoa she sees
yes she sees yeah thanks I felt bad for
Francis now he's getting played no way
whenever he was not advertised Roy
didn't even tell us yeah
what a nice guy oh wait we already have
to apply on the plate near the cake
plate his place in the dining room left
I see that oh my gosh thank you tape
wait wipe it blue there unless they put
tape on it supposed to do come on read
it
we're gonna put a balloon there make
sure it looks like real chocolate okay
we're gonna chuckling from do you have
chocolate in here on the table fine
whipped cream whipping cream is placed
in the fridge okay oh yeah oh dude I
know whipped cream can do that it's
amazing now we need red berries red
berries wait so when you do the hint it
just gives you what you need that's not
cheating by the way I don't want to hear
that down below in the comments know
what that guy's name is fluffy that's
right Fluffy's our friend you know where
he had a dog named fluffy in our
Minecraft Oh fluffy is the best animal
name in the world
sure the fluffy shut up the fluffy we
have a human out there and their name is
fluffy
oh hi my name my mom named me fluffy oh
gotta get this cake hmm something
doesn't seem right here
we messed up wait how do we mess up all
right here we go
round two let's try this again I'm
thinking maybe refers to taking away the
other cake because she knows that there
wasn't to cast there
oh we put glue there last time
yep we're messed up cherry berries click
the original cake you have to listen you
have to listen to me cuz I get the
crowbar I know I said use crowbar to it
did you get the other cake I wasn't
paying attention I was picking her nose
did you click the other cake oh no you
didn't click through the cake give it up
there you were distracting me with your
boogers come on we can get there hurry
hurry hurry hurry
I think you still do this medicate out
the window yes here it is
pop-tart
dude why did you do that
[Music]
oh we were so close to winning I'll stay
in the drawer of shame oh dude I feel so
bad for Francis she's mean to him well
you know I used to I feel bad for his
team because she had like the volatile
nutrient stuff yeah now I feel bad for
this Francisco no I feel bad for all
right this is it
wait wait this is it wait
all right so misty wants to lose weight
let's send her to the gym go get him his
tea get him his tea oh oh dude she's
getting buff oh I don't think I know
what we gotta do we gotta make it go the
other way so when she gets on she'll
just go for Omega super fast
[Music]
this world dude she should have been
eating all that cake now chunky Charlie
is gonna have a new teacher and her name
is mrs. tea mrs. chunky tough dude rod
it's gonna come get you
mess with her treadmill okay we're
messing with it fine screwdriver to open
the treadmill panel you can find
screwdriver in your hand oh we're going
to kill ms t today we drop our wood it's
over here she can't go misty it's your
birthday
go misty it's your birthday oh he's
going too fast
right misty all right Oh you try to
trick me yeah Oh Laurie quemic trackers
another you misty misty where you keep
your screwdrivers tally mark where do
you keep your screwdriver there it is
you keep it on the floor thank you yeah
yeah there's still some times we got to
do oh I bet we got to cut the right cord
so we cut green this time what color we
cut last time I bet that's what it is we
didn't get the right color all right so
remember we just cut baby Bubber wait
for it wait for it
hey you jumped on the wall hello we're
sticking on your wall is the green one
oh sorry left it there
good luck runs out of your foot hey
where'd you go okay she stopped it
dang it okay it's not the green wire not
the green wire all right I broke the
ladder oh my gosh why did you why don't
you break the ladder okay so we know
it's not the green water we know that
there's probably something that we're
missing yeah look around for a hand look
around yellow yellow wire okay we need
to cut the yellow wire we need
screwdriver thank you yeah all right
let's find a screwdriver yellow yellow
yellow yellow yellow yellow green I've
already forgot which one it is Man Bible
screwdriver are you here on the floor
where you were last time thank you let's
get the screwdriver all right well I say
it was yellow yellow yellow yellow
yellow yellow yellow yellow yellow
yellow yellow yellow ooh
how we get out oh there are you all
right Miss T go work out this time we
need too many pop-tarts final cabbage
ever ever no do we do we did it we found
the instruction manual maybe we hasn't
caught more than one tell me you can Oh
LS you cut the stop start button no no
we're good because we kept the speed up
on
maybe they have 200 Yosh hi red cut the
red bug get the red bug get the red
button all right red wire red wire no no
you cut it nice whoa do you see those
houses in the background
dude so that was some last minute Maga
bacon right there were to your mom
seriously Bob word all right
see we got the right ones come on
doesn't seem right yep yep yep I'm about
to go upstairs I'm about to get the
treadmill menu well wait a minute don't
do we get we got a look that don't
forget
all right so speed up down we need to
cut oh stop we cut the start button last
time right read in what green we need to
make sure she can't stop in red so that
way is this this thing about this yeah
red get the red
I've know scientists but I think this
should work oh she's going in she's
going in all right girl let's read me on
the treadmill oh yeah
go Shelly is your birthday that's so
derpy looking you Shepard you should but
some merch that was so good you should
buy some much all right guys thumbs up
for chapter 4 scary teacher 3d I'm
looking forward to some chapter 5 now
poor poor Francis Chapter five guys
trying to end it we did we just we
finished it on this phone instead of
that one make sure you subscribe to the
channel we just recently passed 600,000
subscribers the next goal to hit is 701
- you can actually download scary 3d for
yourself and then yeah yeah yeah free
that was it the video was that was that
was that a free plug was that a free
plug you just did yeah no more of those
okay no more those guys though
sure the channel we will see ya next
time